{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 "Oscillator" by Grontesca at the English language Wikipedia. Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Oscillator.gif#/media/File:Oscillator.gif\
\
"Iridescent biofilm on a fishtank" by Zaereth - Own work. Licensed under CC0 via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Iridescent_biofilm_on_a_fishtank.JPG#/media/File:Iridescent_biofilm_on_a_fishtank.JPG\
\
"Gram Stain Anthrax". Licensed under Public Domain via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Gram_Stain_Anthrax.jpg#/media/File:Gram_Stain_Anthrax.jpg\
\
"Internet map 1024" by The Opte Project - Originally from the English Wikipedia; description page is/was here.. Licensed under CC BY 2.5 via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Internet_map_1024.jpg#/media/File:Internet_map_1024.jpg\
\
"Farmer, Nicaragua" by Neil Palmer (CIAT) - http://www.flickr.com/photos/ciat/5471862690/. Licensed under CC BY-SA 2.0 via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Farmer,_Nicaragua.jpg#/media/File:Farmer,_Nicaragua.jpg\
\
"Laura Miller at ANL". Licensed under Public Domain via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Laura_Miller_at_ANL.jpg#/media/File:Laura_Miller_at_ANL.jpg\
\
"Indiacarpenter" by No machine-readable author provided. Deeptrivia assumed (based on copyright claims). - No machine-readable source provided. Own work assumed (based on copyright claims).. Licensed under CC BY-SA 3.0 via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Indiacarpenter.jpg#/media/File:Indiacarpenter.jpg\
\
"TwoLorenzOrbits". Licensed under CC BY 2.5 via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:TwoLorenzOrbits.jpg#/media/File:TwoLorenzOrbits.jpg\
\
"Boxing Tournament in Aid of King George's Fund For Sailors at the Royal Naval Air Station, Henstridge, Somerset, July 1945 A29806" by Royal Navy official photographer - http://media.iwm.org.uk/iwm/mediaLib//31/media-31189/large.jpgThis is photograph A 29806 from the collections of the Imperial War Museums.. Licensed under Public Domain via Commons - \
\
"HAL9000" by Cryteria - Own work. Licensed under CC BY 3.0 via Commons - https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:HAL9000.svg#/media/File:HAL9000.svg}